all great hello to you channel and up
in the slow cooker dot ru
so today we will have a tasty and easy
a dish consisting of many ingredients and
so we need what you see
onion it will go for decorating one here
such a little pilots as empty
I have one fresh carrot here
chalk therefore 10 of them are many but
take one such normal bulb
200 grams of buckwheat can be washed 250 and
there are 700 grams of skinless breasts
and there bessie general are already ready for
its use yes and salt by
to taste
so first thing we all need to cut
all gradually do first chicken
breast
and then help mix everything up with
buckwheat and run the program to extinguish
so perhaps we will start the media Oscar sons
goes the very first
cut into medium pieces heavily
Shallow need so here are such a mean
pieces and send them to the bottom of the bowl
multicookers no prior
frying will not be mass will not be all
will be the most useful stew will
pure water and so now we cut
silent and carrot carrot can
rub on a coarse grater and you can just
finely chop not much also i
carrot miles of chela but everyone will be
such pieces of average pieces of large
send by the way myasko need to set
spices remaining at the end add
so now a puppy cabbage but all this
buckwheat is ready
cabbage is also strong arbitrarily
vidikov
cut and cut here such
light bulbs all send cabbage here it
not that i so much she care u
push cabbage tentative so
about and in the appendage still buckwheat and how
a lot of buckwheat turns out here now I
I'll try everything neatly
stir so add whole meat
ideally separate cabbage and now
the third time that is, under the main thing is not
Representative cabbage many quarrels at
so everything is fine
we add some water over calculations if there was
200 grams
grams of buckwheat then twice as much water and
so on then there is one to another get yet
and now all my favorite spices and
little universal drugs all
closing it all will cook on
40 minutes minimum extinguishing program
Part after five minutes, all off
We are cooking
so heated already removed chickens
open neatly such a dish
smart turned out some cabbage
drank all the buckwheat cooked now
we just got this bureau together with
chicken look so that it
everything got ready evenly and
quenched the process of extinguishing
preferably open all mix
then it will be evenly
cooked and so we sprinkle on top
chopped green snowflakes
get chic delicious and even
healthy dishes from buckwheat cabbage and
chicken breast here is such a simple
delicious recipe i sincerely hope that
you will also love it and you will appreciate
this dish is a large amount
with a finger up and she come to us on
the site recently quark.
leave comments and suggestions to all
bon appetit we go to
eat everyone until new meetings and bye bye